Create libplanet-0.4.eng.md (#35)
planetarium/snack.planetarium.dev: content/posts/2019/07/libplanet-0.4.eng.md

[`BlockChain<T>.MakeTransaction()`]: https://docs.libplanet.io/0.4.0/api/Libplanet.Blockchain.BlockChain-1.html#Libplanet_Blockchain_BlockChain_1_MakeTransaction_Libplanet_Crypto_PrivateKey_System_Collections_Generic_IEnumerable__0__System_Collections_Immutable_IImmutableSet_Libplanet_Address__System_Nullable_System_DateTimeOffset__System_Boolean_
[nonce]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cryptographic_nonce

Transaction Broadcast Automated
-------------------------------
In order for games using previous versions of Libplanet to broadcast transactions, [`Swarm.BroadcastTxs()`] had to be called directly. And because transaction broadcast could fail due to network failure, the retry logic had to be implemented directly from the game side.

(Although `.BroadcastTxs()` is still usable) Now, direct implementation isn’t necessary from games. Instead, they can put their own chains when making `Swarm<T>` and create a transaction (using `BlockChain<T>.MakeTransaction()` as introduced above). The rest will be carried out by `Swarm<T>`. 

> In this process, since `Swarm` now directly manages chains, it has been modified to `Swarm<T>`, indicating that it contains a type factor(`T`), just like` BlockChain<T>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this process, since `Swarm` now directly manages the chain, it has been modified to `Swarm<T>`, indicating that it contains a type parameter(`T`), just like` BlockChain<T>`.
```
